Support customizing antialiasing for text and annotation (#25775)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/api/next_api_changes/behavior/25775-HZ.rst

Support customizing antialiasing for text and annotation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> ``matplotlib.pyplot.annotate()`` and ``matplotlib.pyplot.text()`` now support parameter ``antialiased``.

Author: > Good to talk to you on the call today and I apologize for being slow to review!
> 
> I think this is getting very close, just the finishing details on the docs.

Thanks for the very helpful advice! Now we have both "What's New" and behavior change documentation.

When ``antialiased`` is set to ``True``, antialiasing will be applied to the text.
When ``antialiased`` is set to ``False``, antialiasing will be applied to the text.
When ``antialiased`` is not specified, it will use the value from ``rcParams['text.antialiased']``.

Examples:

.. code-block::

    mpl.text.Text(.5, .5, "foo\nbar", antialiased=True)
    plt.text(0.5, 0.5, '6 inches x 2 inches', antialiased=True)
    ax.annotate('local max', xy=(2, 1), xytext=(3, 1.5), antialiased=False)

If the text contains math expression, then anaialiasing will be applied by ``rcParams['text.antialiased']`` and ``antialiased`` will have no effect
This applies to the whole text.
Examples:

.. code-block::

    plt.text(0.5, 0.25, r"$I'm \sqrt{x}$", antialiased=False)

> Also note that antialiasing for coordinate axes will be set with ``rcParams['text.antialiased']`` when they are created and cannot be changed afterwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also note that antialiasing for tick labeles will be set with ``rcParams['text.antialiased']`` when they are created and cannot be changed afterwards.
```

Reviewer: Axes vs axis have very specific meaning in Matplotlib (`matplotlib.axes.Axes` vs `matplotlib.axis.Axis`).  I think tick labels (our name for the text on the ticks), see https://matplotlib.org/stable/gallery/showcase/anatomy.html for the very particular names we use for things.
